README.md, before:

# Voided Enlightenment
[![Modrinth Downloads](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/{template-mod-slug}?style=flat&logo=modrinth&label=Modrinth)](https://modrinth.com/mod/{template-mod-slug})
[![CurseForge Downloads](https://img.shields.io/curseforge/dt/{project-id}?style=flat&logo=curseforge&label=Curseforge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/{template-mod-slug})
![Modrinth Game Versions](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/{project-id}.svg)

A minuson for [Enlightend](https://modrinth.com/mod/enlightend), that is: an addon that mainly removes things; I reject the supposed enlightenment and substitute my own.

I like a lot of Enlightend's features. But there's some I don't, and there's features I think can be expanded.  
Additionally, the mod is in a buggy state at the moment, and while fixes for those have been announced to be in the next big update, that next big update is also set to remove some features I like and add more features I don't, so that won't do (for me).

### Features
#### Additions
- Thematic recipes for 2/3 Enlightend potions that lacked recipes. The third one will be obtainable, without brewing, in a future update.
- Compat with Waxed Icons for waxed blocks made from Bismuth.
- Nuclear Bomb can now be disabled via config.
- Cerulean Stalk can now be bone-mealed.
- Cerulean Stalk can now directly be placed below other cerulean stalk, like bamboo can on top of bamboo.
- Ooze Rain can now fill Cauldrons.
- Sides of Nuclear Furnace now correspond to the input and output slots for automation.
- Dash Leggings now also work vertically, and horizontal dash is now also dependent on your looking direction.
- Boost Boots now behave on Lasers like Leather Boots on Powder Snow: proper walking, jumping possible, sneaking to descend.
- Boots enchanted with Frost Walker now allow you to walk on Helium and Xenon Gas.
- Chorloam is now renewable through an in-world interaction with Ooze Bottles and Mud.
- Create and Create: Vintage Improvements recipe compat.
- KleeSlabs compat.
- Seamless compat.
#### Removals
- Disabled Enlightend's custom end fog, as it has jarring, sudden transitions, and is the source of visual incompatibilities.
- Ender Chests have the vanilla loot table and recipe instead of the Enlightend one requiring Malachite.
- Turned off the one-time-per-world in-game advertising, see [details](src/main/java/com/github/voidleech/voided_enlightenment/mixin/misc/PatreonMessageMixin.java) if you're interested in supporting the dev of the original mod.
- Liquid Ooze is no longer a swimmable liquid, isn't renewable via adjacent source blocks anymore, and is slightly slower to move through.
- Disabled Void Leviathan spawning for the foreseeable future, until I figure out a way to tweak it that doesn't leave it as an unengaging damage sponge.
- Hoppers don't break when horizontally adjacent to Nuclear Furnaces anymore.
- Crafting of Adamantite Gear via Iron. Now needs Diamond as is it far more comparable to Netherite.

### Fixes
- Enlightend's potion recipes are now viewable in recipe viewers like JEI.
- Freshly planted cerulean stalk can now be mined and actually drops cerulean stalk.
- The Offering Statue loot table now works.
- The Adamantite Knife can now be crafted and works in Farmer's Delight recipes.
- Ooze is no longer part of the minecraft:water fluid tag.
- Cauldrons can now be filled via Ooze Buckets (instead of only via Ooze Bottles), and can be properly emptied via Glass Bottles.
- Several items now have proper crafting remainders.
- Xenon Laser now can be properly toggled between burning and freezing mode, and works on active lasers as well.
- Several fixes to right-click interactions not triggering.
- Non-Nuclear Fuel Items being able to be put in the Nuclear Furnace's fuel slot via Item Transfer Capabilities.
- Ennegel Splat can't float freely anymore.
- Applying Ennegel Glob to an Ennegel Block now consumes Ennegel.
- Springleaf no longer has a hitbox that is solid all the way to the bottom of the block.
- Iridescent Bismuth Gleam can now be crafted shapelessly.
- Naturally occurring Ooze Rain now doesn't get into a state where it will never start anymore, which would likely happen before a player even got to the End to begin with.
- See-Through Lava from various mods (Alex's Mobs: Lava Vision; L_Ender's Cataclysm: Ignitium Helmet) now works as intended when used in combination with Enlightend.
- Fog from Alex's Caves now works as intended when used in combination with Enlightend.
- Fixes an incidental crash with Presence Footsteps.
- Fixes/Consistency Changes related to the Language file.
- Volume/Consistency Changes related to Sounds.
- Adds some other mods' entities to Enlightend bubble_immune tag to prevent serious issues.

### F.A.Q.
**Q: Can this be used in my modpack?**  
A: Yes, but do note our license does not allow directly including the mod files in your pack.

**Q: Will you add support for Enlightend versions past 5.0.14, when that releases?**  
A: I'm undecided but heavily lean towards no. It'd be an entire rewrite of the mod, as:
- Lixir (Enlightend dev) has gone and stated he's fixed many (but tbf not all) of the bugs I've shimmied in a fix for.
- His next big (stated to be final) update is also a massive rewrite, probably breaking a bunch/all of what I've done here.
- He's adding a bunch of new features that I'll have to review for whether I think they're actually fun:
  - This is a significant amount of work due to the nature of Enlightend being an MCreator mod, and the code being very unorganized. Editing it too is a pain.
  - For some of the announced features, I already know I'd want to remove them, and the others don't excite me all that much to be worth switching over for.
  - A stated dependency on V-Minus and the (valid but not to my taste) design mindset that comes with it. I'd have to gut that entire mod as well.

So all in all I'm more inclined to stick to 5.0.14 and develop new features and fixes, instead of putting time into removing 99% of his update.

### Licensing
This project is released under the [Avoiding Leeching License, version 1.0](LICENSE).  
Special permission is granted to Lixir, the developer of Enlightend, to use, copy, modify, share, and deal in the mod's code and assets, but not the branding, as he sees fit, exclusively for the purpose of improving Enlightend, with no further restrictions.

Commit message:

fix: more findable dash ability keybind

README.md, after:

# Voided Enlightenment
[![Modrinth Downloads](https://img.shields.io/modrinth/dt/{template-mod-slug}?style=flat&logo=modrinth&label=Modrinth)](https://modrinth.com/mod/{template-mod-slug})
[![CurseForge Downloads](https://img.shields.io/curseforge/dt/{project-id}?style=flat&logo=curseforge&label=Curseforge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/{template-mod-slug})
![Modrinth Game Versions](https://cf.way2muchnoise.eu/versions/{project-id}.svg)

Requires [Oblivion](https://github.com/VoidLeech/Oblivion).  
I don't currently have a maven, nor is the library uploaded to CurseForge/Modrinth to access via their mavens, so build.gradle currently assumes you have cloned Oblivion and built it normally.

A minuson for [Enlightend](https://modrinth.com/mod/enlightend), that is: an addon that mainly removes things; I reject the supposed enlightenment and substitute my own.

I like a lot of Enlightend's features. But there's some I don't, and there's features I think can be expanded.  
Additionally, the mod is in a buggy state at the moment, and while fixes for those have been announced to be in the next big update, that next big update is also set to remove some features I like and add more features I don't, so that won't do (for me).

### Features
#### Additions
- Thematic recipes for 2/3 Enlightend potions that lacked recipes. The third one will be obtainable, without brewing, in a future update.
- Compat with Waxed Icons for waxed blocks made from Bismuth.
- Nuclear Bomb can now be disabled via config.
- Cerulean Stalk can now be bone-mealed.
- Cerulean Stalk can now directly be placed below other cerulean stalk, like bamboo can on top of bamboo.
- Ooze Rain can now fill Cauldrons.
- Sides of Nuclear Furnace now correspond to the input and output slots for automation.
- Dash Leggings now also work vertically, and horizontal dash is now also dependent on your looking direction.
- Boost Boots now behave on Lasers like Leather Boots on Powder Snow: proper walking, jumping possible, sneaking to descend.
- Boots enchanted with Frost Walker now allow you to walk on Helium and Xenon Gas.
- Chorloam is now renewable through an in-world interaction with Ooze Bottles and Mud.
- Create and Create: Vintage Improvements recipe compat.
- KleeSlabs compat.
- Seamless compat.
#### Removals
- Disabled Enlightend's custom end fog, as it has jarring, sudden transitions, and is the source of visual incompatibilities.
- Ender Chests have the vanilla loot table and recipe instead of the Enlightend one requiring Malachite.
- Turned off the one-time-per-world in-game advertising, see [details](src/main/java/com/github/voidleech/voided_enlightenment/mixin/misc/PatreonMessageMixin.java) if you're interested in supporting the dev of the original mod.
- Liquid Ooze is no longer a swimmable liquid, isn't renewable via adjacent source blocks anymore, and is slightly slower to move through.
- Disabled Void Leviathan spawning for the foreseeable future, until I figure out a way to tweak it that doesn't leave it as an unengaging damage sponge.
- Hoppers don't break when horizontally adjacent to Nuclear Furnaces anymore.
- Crafting of Adamantite Gear via Iron. Now needs Diamond as is it far more comparable to Netherite.

### Fixes
- Enlightend's potion recipes are now viewable in recipe viewers like JEI.
- Freshly planted cerulean stalk can now be mined and actually drops cerulean stalk.
- The Offering Statue loot table now works.
- The Adamantite Knife can now be crafted and works in Farmer's Delight recipes.
- Ooze is no longer part of the minecraft:water fluid tag.
- Cauldrons can now be filled via Ooze Buckets (instead of only via Ooze Bottles), and can be properly emptied via Glass Bottles.
- Several items now have proper crafting remainders.
- Xenon Laser now can be properly toggled between burning and freezing mode, and works on active lasers as well.
- Several fixes to right-click interactions not triggering.
- Non-Nuclear Fuel Items being able to be put in the Nuclear Furnace's fuel slot via Item Transfer Capabilities.
- Ennegel Splat can't float freely anymore.
- Applying Ennegel Glob to an Ennegel Block now consumes Ennegel.
- Springleaf no longer has a hitbox that is solid all the way to the bottom of the block.
- Iridescent Bismuth Gleam can now be crafted shapelessly.
- Improve findability of Dashing Leggings keybind by moving it to its own category instead of sitting in vanilla's Gameplay section
- Naturally occurring Ooze Rain now doesn't get into a state where it will never start anymore, which would likely happen before a player even got to the End to begin with.
- See-Through Lava from various mods (Alex's Mobs: Lava Vision; L_Ender's Cataclysm: Ignitium Helmet) now works as intended when used in combination with Enlightend.
- Fog from Alex's Caves now works as intended when used in combination with Enlightend.
- Fixes an incidental crash with Presence Footsteps.
- Fixes/Consistency Changes related to the Language file.
- Volume/Consistency Changes related to Sounds.
- Adds some other mods' entities to Enlightend bubble_immune tag to prevent serious issues.

### F.A.Q.
**Q: Can this be used in my modpack?**  
A: Yes, but do note our license does not allow directly including the mod files in your pack.

**Q: Will you add support for Enlightend versions past 5.0.14, when that releases?**  
A: I'm undecided but heavily lean towards no. It'd be an entire rewrite of the mod, as:
- Lixir (Enlightend dev) has gone and stated he's fixed many (but tbf not all) of the bugs I've shimmied in a fix for.
- His next big (stated to be final) update is also a massive rewrite, probably breaking a bunch/all of what I've done here.
- He's adding a bunch of new features that I'll have to review for whether I think they're actually fun:
  - This is a significant amount of work due to the nature of Enlightend being an MCreator mod, and the code being very unorganized. Editing it too is a pain.
  - For some of the announced features, I already know I'd want to remove them, and the others don't excite me all that much to be worth switching over for.
  - A stated dependency on V-Minus and the (valid but not to my taste) design mindset that comes with it. I'd have to gut that entire mod as well.

So all in all I'm more inclined to stick to 5.0.14 and develop new features and fixes, instead of putting time into removing 99% of his update.

### Licensing
This project is released under the [Avoiding Leeching License, version 1.0](LICENSE).  
Special permission is granted to Lixir, the developer of Enlightend, to use, copy, modify, share, and deal in the mod's code and assets, but not the branding, as he sees fit, exclusively for the purpose of improving Enlightend, with no further restrictions.
